
##  Introduction ##
This tool intended for use as a command-line version `dde_client` for forward searching with  `SumatraPDF` when use `Notepad++` as an editor for (La)TeX.     

`cl-2-dde.exe` is a small utility written entirely in assembly language.

DDE is used to issue commands and data into an server DDE, e.g.
MS Excel, MS Word, Sumatra PDF, ...

In this particular **one way** process this programm work.

Using the CMD.EXE command processor, a server DDE, and this programm, you can
send through DDE the 8192 character command line, where length limit imposed
by CMD.EXE. If you use ShellExecute/Ex then these functions limits command
line around 2048 length.

## Details ##

<pre>
versions:
-------------

cl-2-dde.exe        --  clean & simple. Use it.
cl-2-dde_dbg.exe    --  if something does go wrong you can use it
                        to prints out log to the stdout.
                        
USAGE:
------

make sure a DDE server, i.e. Excel.exe, 
SumutraPDF.exe, gsview32.exe, ... 
is launched and running.

usage examples:
--------------

with Excel, please make sure that it is running.
Make chart:
C:\cl-2-dde.exe @' 'excel'  'system'  '[Select("R1C1:R1C10")][New(2,2)]'

with Opera:
C:\cl-2-dde.exe @' 'opera' 'WWW_OpenURL' '"http://code.google.com/p/command-line-version-dde-client/"'

with GSview32.exe
C:\cl-2-dde.exe  @' 'GSview' 'GSview' '[FileOpen("filename.ps")]'

cl-2-dde.exe  @= =SUMATRA=    =control=   =[Open("E:\sample.pdf", 0, 1, 0)]=
cl-2-dde.exe  @' 'SUMATRA' 'control' '[ForwardSearch("E:\sample.pdf","E:\sample.tex",305,0)]'
cl-2-dde.exe  @- -SUMATRA-    -control-   -[GotoPage("D:\sample2e.pdf",3)]-
cl-2-dde.exe  @' 'GSview' 'GSview' '[FileOpen("C:\filename.ps")]'

SYNTAX
---------

Options: (all options are required)
     (The order of the options is important!)

        C:\>cl-2-dde @" "service" "topic" "commands"
                      ^     ^        ^         ^
                      |     |        |         |_ commands
                      |     |        |_ topic
                      |     |_ service
                      |
                      |
                      |_  sets your delimiter following by '@' sign.
                          Warning: CMD.EXE have a dozen special chars,
                          e.g. <,>,\,|,&,... do not use them as a delimiter.

                          see: http://ss64.com/nt/syntax-esc.html#escape


this works too:
C:\>cl-2-dde.exe    @, ,service, ,topic, ...abc ignored ...  ,commands, ignored


Restrictions:
-------------
The only exception is that the @ character is not permitted as the character 
of a string path to the cl-2-dde.exe. That is,

Example:
'C:\MyFolder\Proj@home\dde\'
                 ^
                  \_ is not permitted.

</pre>

Links:
---------

http://code.google.com/p/sumatrapdf/wiki/DDEcommands
https://partners.adobe.com/asn/acrobat/sdk/reg/Documentation/Core_API/CoreAPIReference.pdf (http://sourceforge.net/projects/notepad-plus/forums/forum/331753/topic/3085267)
http://william.famille-blum.org/blog/static.php?page=static081010-000413
http://sourceforge.net/projects/npp-plugins/forums/forum/672146/topic/3914253


